Added new tasks after feedback (#18)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_workshop: docs/2_getting_started_session.md

data/example_directory_2/example_file_5.txt
~~~

When the data is downloaded, by default, it will be placed in a new folder with a name with this format:

~~~
DataDelivery_{YEAR}-{MONTH}-{DAY}_{HOUR}-{MINUTE}-{SECOND}_{PROJECT}
~~~
For example: `DataDelivery_2024-08-26_16-46-47_workshop00001`

> You can specify a custom directory to place the files, however, this has to be a new folder. Otherwise the system will complain.

Reviewer: Just to clarify what 'a new folder' means, does that mean 'the folder cannot already exist'?
If yes, would do:
```suggestion
You can specify a custom directory to place the files, however, this folder must not already exist. Otherwise the system will complain.
```

> This directory contains 3 subdirectories: files; which is where the data has being downloaded, logs; which would contain the logs from the client in case something wrong happens and meta; which currently has no use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains 3 subdirectories: 
- files, which contains the downloaded data
- logs, which contains the logs from the client if there is an issue 
- meta, which currently has no use
```
On the second one (logs), is it _only_ populated with logs if there is an issue **or** is it always populated with logs and those can be useful if there is an issue but are always there?

Author: If there is no error, the logs folder is empty

Reviewer: That's probably interesting in the long run but then this all makes sense. Will approve now

> If there is some error during the download, send us the file generated inside the logs folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is an error during the download, send us the file generated inside the logs folder.
```

 - [ ] TASK: Download the project contents, and verify that they are correct. Observe that you can download data with your Unit Admin account while it has status *In Progress*. 

>  - [ ] TASK: Observe the generated directory and navigate through it. Then try to download again to a new folder with the `--destination` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - [ ] TASK: Observe the generated directory and navigate through it; check whether a log file exists in the *logs* directory. Then try to download again to a new folder with the `--destination` flag.
```

>  - [ ] TASK: Try again the to download to the same destination and observe what happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] TASK: Try to download to the same destination again and observe what happens.
```

>  - [ ] TASK: Download only the file `example_file_4.txt`. You need to inspect the project to find its path. Download first using the `--source` flag and then with the `--source-path-file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] TASK: Download only the file `example_file_4.txt`. You need to inspect the project to find its path. Download it first using the `--source` flag and then with the `--source-path-file`.
```
